Add pipelines action overview page and update pipelines overview (#1128)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/pipelines/overview/index.md

# What is Gruntwork Pipelines?

Gruntwork Pipelines is a framework for securely deploying infrastructure as code to your AWS environments using GitOps workflows. Gruntwork Pipelines runs as a binary and series of steps in your CI system, determining what _actions_ need to be taken, in which _environments_, based on the [_infrastructure changes_](#infrastructure-change) that occurred.

## Common Terms

Gruntwork Pipelines uses specific terminology to describe code changes and operations that occur as a result of to changes. This section will familiarize you with the terminology used throughout the Gruntwork Pipelines documentation.

### Infrastructure change

When you edit any infrastructure-as-code that needs to be "applied" to your cloud account (e.g. AWS or GCP), you are making an _infrastructure change_. We sometime call these an "infra-change" for short.

> Infra-changes can involve updates to OpenTF (Terraform) code, Packer templates, Docker files, Kubernetes Helm charts, or any other type of file that represents a desired state of your infrastructure and that needs to be somehow applied. A classic example is changing some variables on an instance of a Terraform module. By changing these variables you are essentially requesting that some API calls eventually be made to AWS to update your infrastructure in some way (in this case, by running `terraform apply` at some point).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infra-changes can involve updates to OpenTF, Terraform, or Terragrunt code, or any other type of file that represents a desired state of your infrastructure and that needs to be somehow applied. A classic example is changing some variables on an instance of a Terraform module. By changing these variables you are essentially requesting that some API calls eventually be made to AWS to update your infrastructure in some way (in this case, by running `terraform apply` at some point).
```
